hey welcome back it's Brad Taylor at
Taylor coach and Tracy's RV in Milgrim
Ontario Canada we're back here shooting
a video on another 14 foot similar to
the one we did earlier in the season
here but this one has a couple extra
features on it that I wanted to bring to
your attention also like always we got
the nice big front window on the front
here it's tinted so it keeps it cooler
in the summer gives you privacy all day
long but but lots of visibility for
seeing out into the park it's still not
78 inches wide so you don't have to put
all the mirrors on your vehicle to see
by it for with white so that the gain is
78 inches or 6 foot 6 wide you got your
propane tank your battery sitting on the
front on this particular one we rolled
yo the awning to show you the awning
this is a nine-foot ante awning with an
8 foot projection the arms are removable
from the coach and they can be mounted
down onto the ground if you don't want
the arms to be in your way while you
have the awning out I'm you still have
the be Al Jack's on it your spare tires
mounted underneath we've got your porch
light on the side here keeping the bug
sort of away from the back you do have a
light on the back also well let's show
you some of the features on the inside
so let's go onboard we'll show you some
of the inside interior now we've got
John board here this 14 foot and when
we're told of this a 14 foot from tip to
tip this trailer is 14 foot about 8
inches from tip to tip the floor on this
particular coach is 11 foot 5 inches
long from tip to tip on the floor um
show you some of the features on the
inside we'll start on the washroom side
of it here this has your built in toilet
shower combo with your fan and
everything and up above it which makes
it nice and bright in the bathroom at
all times
from there on our kitchen counter here
we've got a nice 2 burner cooktop we've
got a microwave up above
lots of storage up above from there for
storage up above
you've got the 2.7 in a Dometic
auto-ignition fridge you've got your
single sink with a high rise neck
and lots of storage underneath with you
coupling we trained also for you cutlery
underneath is that a nice-sized counter
considering this is only a 14 foot
trailer so you if you want to put a
percolator and a toaster at the back you
can do that and you've still got room on
your counter to be able to function and
do your cooking and and dishes in that
which makes it really great in such a
small compact trailer trying to get all
those same features as those 35 footers
have in a smaller trailer will show you
out in the front here I'm up at the
front here are dying that this is a 54
inch dinette on the one side with a 48
on the other so it allows for a bigger
closet in the back but when this goes
into a bed you basically are have where
your will your body's laying that you
have 54 inches and 48 on the other make
it into a great double bed from there
we've also got your raining light so
when you go to bed at night for reading
in that you know you're not disturbing
one another for reading in that so it's
great for reading that night
you've got your excellent window at the
front you can see with lots of
visibility at the front for when you're
sitting in the trailer it still has the
overhead bunk area here where the bunk
will come down on either side so you've
got a nice bunk here for starting
blankets or pillows or using it as a
bunk it really depends on how you want
to use it as a customer from there when
it's up this cabinet it's also just for
storage where you can open your doors
and utilize the storage outside once you
make your bed up here you can also leave
your bed made up all the time you've
also got an extra dinette to sit here
and grab a bite to eat at so that you're
not sitting going we got to make the bed
up and down every time we want to sit at
the dinette so if one would love to
sleep in a little bit in the morning
you've got the possibility one can sleep
in in the morning and the other one can
get up and make a little breakfast or
put the kettle on and that for a coffee
in the morning without having to worry
about making up the bed this also goes
down into a bed too making into a 24 by
6 foot 3 bed as well as this is a 6 foot
3 in length as well
so we basically rate this trailer at
sleep in the five you've got one here a
couple of kids on the bunk and your two
adults at the front here so it works
great if there's just a two youth and it
works great if you've got a couple of
kids at the same point that you can
throw it with your smaller vehicles and
you don't have to have a big trailer to
get a lot of great features or lots of
storage up above here that you've got up
a bump you got storage underneath all
the seats as well for storage underneath
all the seats and that this is a ducted
heating system in it so we've got a
couple of ducks on this that it evenly
heats the coach you don't have that loud
noisy rumbly furnace that a lot of the
RV manufacturers use that's a straight
discharge I prefer to do a ducted system
and all the tailor coaches because it's
nice and quiet they're easy to
maintenance on the outside and it just
makes a much better furnace in the
trailers as your air conditioning up
above here and to show you one of the
features on the back here you've got
your great fantastic fan that we always
run in the trailers in that that's all
thermostatically-controlled and then
from there this is the little larger
closet on the back here where we've got
your shelves in the closet with storage
a ball with your right up above one of
the features that was added to this
particular trailer also was the go power
solar system it's really a neat system
that he can be off the grid for for
camping all the time and not worry about
his battery power going down or anything
you can see on it now it's showing 12.6
it is a sunny day outside from there we
can check it our batteries at 90% we've
got all the lights running in this coach
from there when we click it it's running
at 4.8 it's putting up five amps now
showing that the solar panel right now
is running all the lights on board and
from there if I want to put on the
fantastic fan it will run the fantastic
fan to that it's really not drawing
anything from the battery the solar
panel is running the features on it so
if we shut off some of the lights from
there and head on just a fantastic fan
maybe run the water pump a bit because
we're inside using the coach the solar
panels running everything from there we
click it back we're still at twelve
point six
which is a fully charged battery really
neat option for people that like to add
those features to the trailer so I
really hope you enjoyed the video on
this one I enjoyed bringing it to you if
you got any questions on a product you
go to our website taylor coach.com you
can find where we're located a lot of
her features looking a lot watch a lot
of our videos on that if you're looking
for something in a particular coach I
really hope you enjoyed the video I
enjoy bringing it to you watch for more
videos down the road take care bye now